chore(DataList): remove itemOrder prop (#316)
patternfly/pf-codemods: packages/pf-codemods/README.md

<ClipboardCopy  />
```

### datalist-remove-props [(#8388)](https://github.com/patternfly/patternfly-react/pull/8388)

> We've removed the deprecated `onDragFinish`, `onDragStart`, `onDragMove`, and `onDragCancel`, and `itemOrder` props. This rule will remove them and suggest the user use the DragDrop component.

Reviewer: Not a blocker, but just to separate the onDrag from itemOrder:

```suggestion
We've removed the deprecated `onDragFinish`, `onDragStart`, `onDragMove`, `onDragCancel`, and `itemOrder` props from DataList.

In addition to removing these props, this rule will suggest using the DragDrop component instead of the `onDrag...` props.
```

Or something along those lines.
